I'm not going to sit in the middle of it.
No, but I'm going to be working on it together.
It's a pretty good question.
Chair, I just wanted two questions.
I want to ask them in line, Mr. Wilson is bringing us,
because I'm afraid that possibly Mr. Wilson
brought out an implication, which I am sure he could be the last man
in the world to want to bring out.
And that is simply because we all agree that he's just the best army
in the world.
We all agree that we have a magnificent office, of course.
We all agree that they went over and did a terrific job
of fighting against communism in Korea.
Those things were in agreement about it,
but the implication might be that those things being truth,
that there could be no communists in the army.
I want to ask you now as an old FDR agent.
I want to ask you in your present capacity as staff director.
Whether in Europe, you're a young communist boy
drafted into the army.
Ceases to be a communist operator simply because you've
gifted him to the army under the draft.
No, sure, he does.
He is not only then in uniform of the United States,
but we find a man in uniform of the United States
who was there primarily for the purpose of disrupting the army,
of breaking down our security, of delivering
sequest to the enemy, of sabotaging our defense.
Would that be right?
Yes, sir.
And I think it largely has a result of the Perez case.
The defense department has taken steps to be in a position
to better handle the induction and the subsequent army career
or defense department career of such persons.
And I want to join you in congratulating the defense department
in doing what it did last April.
Mr. Wells, we're confronted with a very serious problem.
You and I, I'm sure, will agree that a communist
should not have a draft exempt state.
He can't be a country and a subductor.
So the army has to bring him in.
Now, what to do with him when you get him there
raises some very real problem.
And because for a time they treated communist draftees
like everybody else and gave them commissions.
Promotive them as it is in the case of Perez.
That thing having been highlighted before the public.
That thing being demonstrated as it was,
made everybody realize at least that is in the way it should have come.
So they have tried some new methods.
I hope the satisfaction is not an easy problem.
And we're not quick to condemn the army or anybody else
for dealing with the tempestious problem.
But the idea must not get abroad in the United States must be.
It's simply automatically because a communist has a uniform on
that we now have a good American instead of a potential
or an actual spot.
That's correct.
And I'm sure Mr. Wells, you will agree to that.
I just wanted to make that clear because our listeners
and our readers might get a false implication of the ones.
I send him a comment.
You have 10 minutes.
What's going on?
It's over.
I don't know.
Of course, I am.
Have whatever you've been to the committee, Bill.
Mr. Far, I thought I had concluded and had a moment ago.
But I find I should ask you one or two other questions now.
If you have a fair, you may follow me.
I think I'll read it correctly.
I want to read your charge number 46.
Or read from that charge.
Yes.
Follow me as I read the last sentence in that charge.
But as soon as they both turn to the infinitely more important
questions of who was responsible for protecting communist infiltration
and the protecting communists who had infiltrated every conceivable obstacle
was placed in the path of the committee search for the truth.
I have used the term or word cuddling with respect to that charge.
Now, I may have been challenged for the use of that curve.
Will you tell me in view of that charge and you're having testified
that that charge is true if the use or the application of the term cuddling
is too strong a term to apply to it?
Well, Senator, I don't wish to get into a dispute on the other conditions of words here.
But I think perhaps cuddling might imply that the persons alleged to do the cuddling
were in favor of the communists that were being cobbled.
I think this is a continuation.
I think this statement here more clearly expresses the position that it might not be
that they like the communists any better than the rest of us.
And I'm sure that you yourself from your experience that you have repolled in connection
with the private that we will bring in here. I'm sure that you had no love for them.
I'm sure that they may demonstrate that to you.
Yes, I did.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, you have.
But I think that this language here implies that there may have been not a desire to protect the communists
but a desire to protect other people, maybe themselves, maybe a citizen.
This language serves ample texting communists. It's direct. It doesn't serve the people.
And full texting communists who had infield rated.
That's correct.
Well, that's a direct target. They were protecting communists who had infield rated.
Yes, sir. I don't withdraw any of this language.
I just am giving you the thought that I think that the protecting of the communists
might have been for some of the reason.
But it actually isn't coddling a much softer word, weaker word,
than full texting.
If I had made the wrong term, I wouldn't know it.
So I don't follow with your senator about your terms and don't follow me.
Well, if you do then wherever I have used the term or the word codlings,
I'll substitute the word protecting if you think it is making a difference.
I don't follow what you only use.
Thank you.
That's all.
Thank you very much.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to address this to Mr. Well.
And this is really only a footnote to the rather pleasant discussion we've had about the extent
to which the legislative power goes in investigations of the executive branch.
Now, what I propose to say is not exactly a matter in point because I have recognized
the distinction that is involved.
But that in the immigration hearings, which were held in this very room incidentally
by the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, there was an inquiry into the dismissal
of General MacArthur in April of 1951.
And the Armed Services Committee held a close hearing in this room in the following month.
transcripts were made available to the press as soon as they were cleared with respect
to security information.
General Bradley, who was then chief of staff and certainly bore a confidential relationship
to the President of the United States, came to voluntarily to testify.
And as I recall, he testified that the decision for the dismissal of MacArthur had been made
at a White House conference, which was attended by President Truman, General Marshall,
Admiral Haramon, Secretary of State, and then there may have been others.
Now, having made that statement, Senator Wiley then sought to ascertain whether or not
somebody was in attendance in that conference who expressed an observation in General Bradley
at that point said that because of the clear separation of powers between the legislative
and the executive, he refused to testify any further.
The committee went into that question at considerable length and as I recall,
there were seven members of the Senate who felt that General Bradley ought to be compelled
to testify with respect to everything that had been said at the conference.
However, the issue was not fresh and got lost in the welter of things as I recall.
And so, frankly, I think we're back to that question again and somewhere other
is going to have to be more clearly resolved than it has been at any other time in the course.
That raises his question of whether or not the committee can actually subpoena
members of the top loyalty of screening board in the Army and not only compelled him to appear,
which I think is a right under the Marbury of the St. Madison decision by General Marshall on the go.
But the more important question whether they can be compelled to testify as to the reasons
why they reversed the lower loyalty boards in the Army structure.
And that question of course has not yet been resolved.
We've sort of bounced from the edges in the course of this very long period.
But I wanted to allude to it only for purposes of the record because there's some future time
it must be explored. That's all the trouble.
I have just a moment.
Indeed so.
And this will be the most friendly approach, Senator Dirkson, as you would expect from one in my position
as a lawyer.
The way this thing points up in my mind is as follows.
It's quite simple.
As a lawyer you and I know that when a case is tried in a courtroom and it's decided,
nobody ever has the power to call on the jury and say how come you did what you did?
And nobody ever has the power to call on the judge and say how come you did what you did?
Now these loyalty-reduced boards aren't quite a lot like a judge and jury as any lawyer will admit.
They're not precisely like them but they're quite a lot like them.
Now you're in that area where you either do or you don't call them up and say how come you did what you did.
And on that point sir, as I need not tell you lawyers differ and on that point the Army and this committee differ.
And as I have said before it will not be resolved in this part of, in this room, but somewhere one of these days it must be resolved for the good of the country.
Well I would raise only two questions with respect to that as well as the first one is here.
Whether they perform a case I judicial or an administrative function is done.
And perhaps the more important query.
If you assume for instance that somebody on one of those boards had some rather oblite ideas let us say about communism and our neighbor allegation of course.
And the committee was trying to in its efforts to get that information the question is then how could a committee of Congress evoke all of the truth or in a matter of such importance to the security of the country.
I know of course that you and I shall not resolve it here, but I did want the record at least to show that in one way or another only within the last few years this same constitutional question has been bouncing around in the Congress.
And what I like about is that in a country like this honorable and patriotic men can differ about it. And I think you will agree they may.
That's correct.
And the question.
And the pilot.
Let's share that I would like to comment on a statement that you made during your period of question about the communist being drafted into the army and the Department of Defense ruling on how to meet that situation.
For the interest of committee on my mention I'm working on legislation along that I hope to cure that problem in my opinion.
A member of the Communist Party is not fit to work uniform of the United States.
We should be we don't allow criminals to work uniform.
We should allow a commoners who is dedicated to the overfill of our government by forcing violence to work uniform.
I think our selected service act should be amended. Provide a special designation for persons who use the federal amendment to refuse to state whether he's a member of the communist party.
The designation will be plainly stamped upon all of its records so that people will know that this man was refused military service.
He was on fifth to work uniform because that man was not loyal to his country.
I have a few questions.
Mr. Carr, there has been raised here the question of what can be done with a communist who has been drafted is in the military.
Is it correct that we called four cases each one of them handled differently.
One was a doctor who was kept in as a private.
The next the Fifth Amendment communist then just given an honorable discharge.
Another one still a doctor in the military and a fourth who had been a member of the Communist Party for short creative time, gave the FBI all the information he could about the communist conspiracy.
He got less than an honorable discharge, not exactly a dishonorable discharge, just the second grade discharge.
They were told to the purpose of demonstrating clearly to Mr. Stevens and Rose and Shards that there was no policy up until the time at least to be called these people all four handled in a completely different fashion.
Yes, that's correct.
The only one who got less than an honorable discharge and I won't use his name here was the young man who had been a member for a while.
Frankly, his military was a member, gave the FBI, gave Army intelligence, apparently all the information he had about the people who were with him and the communist movement.
Yes, as I recall, he was a testify that he had been cooperative with the Army and he was most cooperative with the committee.
Mr. Char, there was very big question of what a wonderful job our young men did in Korea.
I agree that it is a tremendous job over there that it is the fighting men.
I think it's especially appropriate that I ask you some questions about that today and view the fact that we have here behind the table, Sergeant Gilbert Humboldt, the Army clinical center of Maryland,
who is in Korea for about 14 months, has selected as the outstanding soldier of the Second Army.
I think it may be quite appropriate to be discussed with the three-margined view of the fact that we had one young man over there who was fortunate enough to come back alive,
but might well have died because of the results of a few things I would like to question you about now.
For example, I think in the congressional record of January 17, and in search by Senator Stiles Bridges, we find here that General Low was sent by President Truman to Korea.
Senator President Truman wanted to have some eyes and ears over there so he would get a first-hand report.
Why he sent him I don't know, but apparently he was not too satisfied with the report he was getting.
And Low apparently was not sending General Franti a very good selection by President Truman.
And we find the story that Low's report never did get true to President Truman.
If they had, we don't know how many more young men would be living today or dead now.
We find in the story in page 820, the congressional record January 17, and I may have quotes in the story by Bill Cunningham,
as a result of an interview with the General who looks for seal for some time after he came back, the time that he came unsealed.
He says General MacArthur was right in Korea, and if he had been left alone, he longs since we were one in Korea.
Then dropping down, he says, what we face now is a disgraceful stalemate.
They're writing off of tens of thousands of needless American casualties, the loss of faith through the entire area of the world,
and a pointless undefined position for ourselves.
MacArthur was chemstrung and finally brought down by the interference of the safety partner.
Then he goes on to describe this.
Here's the man, six by President Truman.
You can't, we don't know whether he's a Democratic or a Republican, I assume he was just a great American soldier.
All the records in the kid he was.
He says that MacArthur we could have long since won the war, because MacArthur was chemstrung and finally brought down.
We've had to write off tens of thousands of casualties.
Now, international Mr. Welch's question about whether or not the American people have the right to know the plan.
Don't you agree with me wholeheartedly, Mr. Carrier?
The point you have in situations such as this, for a top general,
does that in effect that thousands of men died because a general was not allowed to win the war?
If the American people are entitled to know the plan, all the plan, and they should not be kept from the people.
Yes, sir, I would.
Number two, Mr. Carrier, seems to be a gather being built up some idea that there's something sacred about what a member of the loyalty board does.
If a man steals ten thousand dollars, there's no question about our right to expose him, is that right?
No, sir.
Wouldn't you think that it is ten times more serious to find a man ordering a communist return to secret radar laboratories knowing these are coming up?
Yes, sir.
I would like to call your attention, Mr. Carrier, to a statement by a major general, C.E. Gerhardt, once and a half, and before this committee.
But the statement was made publicly.
So there, my name is no, I mean, no violence, any conflict for repeating it.
He says that the 24 civilian employees of the Second Army at Port Mead, Maryland, want a subversive list before protected by some law in the Department of the Army.
His court is having stated on May 15, 1954 that in the cases of some of these civilians,
would carry the removal proceeding successfully to every stage of court, only to have these cases in every instance reversed by the President's loyalty security review board.
Now, is that roughly the same situation we found in regard to Port Mead? Yes, sir, it was.
Do you think, Mr. Carrier, that there's anything sacred, any reason for the American people should not know who is clearing these communists, who is sending them as I have so often said, back to a position where they are in effect, poised with a razor blade over the juggler blade at the vein of this nation?
No, sir, I don't. Now, President, I am from the heart of the State of the Union message.
May the statement, I'm again, referring back to Mr. Welch's discussion of the Korean War.
I got the impression he felt that because our soldiers did a great job there, that perhaps we should not protect them from traitors who might be able to infiltrate the Army, and maybe I'm doing what you want, then justice.
That's the impression I got from the statement. Let me read what the President of the United States said if I may, and see if this does not indicate either subversion or criminal income, which resulted in the death of an African young man, the situation, but should have been exposed along the course of time.
Here's the President of the United States. He says this. He doesn't June 19th, this day following the aggressive attack on the Republic of Korea, the United States seven fleet was instructed both to prevent attack upon Promotive, and also to ensure that Promotive should not be used as a base of operations against the Chinese Communist mainland.
And I call your attention, fight for the dead. This has been a fight that the United States Navy was required to serve as the defense of the arm of Communist China.
The President of the United States, may I repeat that, he says this has been a fight that the United States Navy was required to serve as the defense of the arm of Communist China.
Then dropping down further, he says this, the Promotive was communist with greater impunity to kill our soldiers and those of our United States allies in Korea.
Now I may say that I hardly agree with President Eisenhower when he says that the order which was an existence until he took over the President's state in effect made our seven fleet a defensive arm of the Communist Party, allowing them to kill American young men.
If the statement is true, I am sure it is, it means that young American men are dead today who believe that we are not for this trifle or a slaughter.
Now do you agree, can I finish the question? Do you agree with Mr. Pire? Do you agree with Mr. Pire?
There is no reason on earth by the American people who should not hear the individuals who are responsible for such a place or order find out whether they were communists or whether they were merely stupid beyond words.
I agree with Mr. Pire.
I am a former-dwell-star, Mr. Pire. We have the opportunity.
This is very important.
Well, Mr. Pire, we were talking, I think, about the price button.
Oh, yes, sir.
It's quite a little smaller scale than we did before.
I think I'm wrong. I think we passed that into around December sometimes.
You remember, Anne, and indicated that Mr. Adams was using some strong language.
Now I suppose, Mr. Carr, that you would not look upon those alleged activities of Mr. Adams as being very much in the order of cooperation with you and your staff.
In the order of cooperation, sir?
Yes.
How do you mean that?
Well, if I were to blackmail you or attempt to blackmail you, I wouldn't be cooperating with you in the same breath, would I?
I have said it in a way. Go ahead, sir.
Would you please?
Perhaps, maybe, it should be rest.
All right, fine.
Well, if I were to blackmail you or attempt to blackmail you, I wouldn't be cooperating with you in the same breath, would I?
I'm sorry, I was, I wasn't saying that.
Well, that's all right. It's not a very difficult question.
And you wouldn't look upon any of them.
I wouldn't look like the hair, so I mean.
Oh, certainly, you may.
Why don't I just restate it, sugar?
So, if I were to attempt to blackmail you, you wouldn't think that that would be highly cooperative with me, would you?
Oh, no, I wouldn't think so now.
And if I threatened the whole of the friend of yours as a hostage, you wouldn't think that I was highly cooperative with you, would you?
No, sir.
Now, you say these things happened on December the 9th, don't you?
Yes, sir.
I'm not sure in my mind whether at least insofar as the hostage language is concerned, your testimony is that it was the feces or not, perhaps you could tell me that you consider it the feces.
The use of the term hostage by Mr. Adams was on many occasions, feces. It's, it might have been at this time.
It might have been at this time?
Might have been.
Would you have written a memorandum about it, sir, if it was the feces?
I wrote a memorandum about the other statements.
Well, it also includes something about hostage, doesn't it?
Well, it includes, they include the fact that we, I think, are hearing.
It includes many things, but the reason I wrote it was this other statement.
Sure, you don't mean to suggest that you wrote a memorandum about a feces, remarked by Mr. Adams, do you?
No, of course not. It was serious, wasn't it?
No, no, the reason I wrote this memorandum was because I was not very mocked by Mr. Adams.
All right. But insofar as the question of hostage is concerned, he was serious, wasn't it?
Or I do know.
Yes.
How do you, he was serious?
Well, he's serious on several times, other times it's in the station.
The process fell when, which, which is which, sometimes.
Well, he certainly wasn't very cooperative with you or the staff on December 9, wasn't it?
No, I don't think he was being cooperative, no, no.
And you wrote it, it was so bad that you wrote a memorandum to Senator McCarthy about it, didn't you?
That's right.
And when did you write it, sir?
The same day.
I might say that he was trying to be cooperative, if we wanted to cooperate with him, yet.
Would you read me that answer?
I didn't quite understand it.
I'd require you to get it.
Answer, I might say that he was perhaps trying to be cooperative as we wanted to cooperate with him.
Yes.
Do you mean if we wanted to cooperate?
If you mean to suggest Mr. Car that while he, as you said, tried to blackmail you, he was also being cooperative?
No, I said he might put the interpretation on it that he was trying to be cooperative with us if we wanted to play ball with him.
Yes.
He was making him offer it.
He said, what's there in it for us?
Well, you didn't accept the offer it is.
That's right.
So he was not cooperative, was it?
No, but it was a try.
It was a try.
I don't know.
But it didn't result in cooperation, did it?
No, sir, not respect.
Not in any respect on that day, did it?
That's...
Sometimes we create.
You know, sir, that about a week later the senator stated for the public record.
That Mr. Stevens and those who are now in charge, which would include Mr. Adams, had fully cooperated with the committee.
You know that, don't you?
Yes, sir, I do.
You consider that the information you gave to the senator on December 9th is consistent with his statement in the public record on December 15th?
I don't know that it's consistent with it, no.
I know that...
Senator, highly inconsistent, don't you?
It's inconsistent with it, yes.
Inconsistent with my memorandum, yes.
Sure, and the information you imparted to him?
That's correct.
And the information you've been imparting to him since October the 9th?
Did you were you, President, when the term in Senator McCarty made that statement for the public record?
I don't know what.
I'll just end this thing, so I could give you a little exact amount.